what happens if you we will mix the
orange do you know at the breath this is
what happens this is what we call mixer
he's one of them and I like he called
megabits mo mega mega mix well okay
well took a lot of time to build this
he's very fragile so I'm not I'm not I'm
gonna try not to break him yes it did to
break all the mixels and throw them to
this so you just what he looks like I'll
turn around a little but still get a cub
he's got a little diaper at the back
some lightning rods on his feet yeah
exactly
you got two eyes these new eyes yeah we
got those from I don't know yeah the
arms that can move a little bit yeah
very fragile see and broke off yeah the
feet they don't have that much mobility
they can move like this only like the
mouth can open but it's very fragile
yeah we don't know what I'd do that
maybe you don't just break yeah so I'll
give it one foul skill for you guys I
like it Sarah me too it's like for
lecture I like right you've got that
break from that guy yes after you push a
yellow
it's a bushing yellow will love some
pieces in green yeah the tail I think
it's a little bit small but we couldn't
should be slide kind yeah yeah it was
very hard to build yeah it's this
special thing is the type woody is the
type is
it's called electro frag loaf electron
Snickers that's it actually yeah so
don't forget to subscribe like favorite
could also fear for it yeah but you guys
I want to see what you guys can build
out of all these mixels does not Ares
doesn't have to be these yeah yeah we
would like your iterations so you can
just give us a link to the video or Tola
send us a photo or something yeah so
that's it guys
yeah subscribe and have a nice day yeah
bye and how this day
you